Add optional `wrap` parameter to `BooleanInputTag::label()` (#224)
yiisoft/html: CHANGELOG.md

- Enh #220: Add `non-empty-string` psalm type of `Html::generateId()` method result (@vjik)
- Enh #220: Add `non-empty-string|null` psalm type of `Tag::id()` method parameter (@vjik)
- Enh #222: Bump minimal PHP version to 8.1 and refactor (@vjik)

> - New #224: Add optional `wrap` parameter to `BooleanInputTag::label()` method that allow to set label placement (@vjik)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #224: Add optional `wrap` parameter to `BooleanInputTag::label()` method that allows setting label placement (@vjik)  
```

> - New #224: Add optional `wrap` parameter to `BooleanInputTag::label()` method that allows setting label placement (@vjik)  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New #224: Add optional `wrap` parameter to `BooleanInputTag::label()` method that controls whether to wrap input tag with label tag or place them side by side. (@vjik)  
```
